[PL-50653] SMP 0.15.2 patch RN (#6540)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/self-managed-enterprise-edition.md

| NG Manager | 1.27.12 |
| CI Manager | 1.13.2 |
| Pipeline Service | 1.64.2 |
| Platform Service | 1.14.1 |
| Access Control Service | 1.35.5 |
| Delegate | 24.02.82402 |
| Change Data Capture | 1.5.3 |
| STO Core | 1.86.2 |
| Test Intelligence Service | 1.12.1 |
| NG UI | 1.10.8 |
| LE NG | 1.1.0 |

#### Alternative air gap bundle download method

Some admins might not have Google account access to download air gap bundles. As an alternative, you can use `gsutil`. For `gsutil` installation instructions, go to [Install gsutil](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/gsutil_install) in the Google Cloud documentation.

```
gsutil -m cp \
  "gs://smp-airgap-bundles/harness-0.15.2/ccm_images.tgz" \
  "gs://smp-airgap-bundles/harness-0.15.2/cdng_images.tgz" \
  "gs://smp-airgap-bundles/harness-0.15.2/ce_images.tgz" \
  "gs://smp-airgap-bundles/harness-0.15.2/cet_images.tgz" \
  "gs://smp-airgap-bundles/harness-0.15.2/ci_images.tgz" \
  "gs://smp-airgap-bundles/harness-0.15.2/ff_images.tgz" \
  "gs://smp-airgap-bundles/harness-0.15.2/platform_images.tgz" \
  "gs://smp-airgap-bundles/harness-0.15.2/sto_images.tgz" \
  .
```

### New features and enhancements

> - Added support for Kubernetes true-up fees when using amortized costs with AWS. (CCM-15397)

Reviewer: Added support for Kubernetes cost true-up with AWS amortized costs. (CCM-15397)

> - Added support for Kubernetes true-up fees when using amortized costs with AWS. (CCM-15397)

Author: ```suggestion
- Added support for Kubernetes cost true-up with AWS amortized costs. (CCM-15397)
```
